README.md, before:

# dotnet Pi PictureFrame
a picture frame app for a Raspberry Pi using .NET 6 and Avalonia 

This project is a combination of the Notes made on building applications on a Raspberry Pi with .NET 6.
These include the following Notes

- [.NET development on a Raspberry Pi](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPi.html)
- [.NET Console Clock](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/ConsoleClock.html)
- [.NET Console Weather](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/ConsoleWeather.html)
- [.NET GUI application on Raspberry Pi with Avalonia](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPiGUI.html)
- [.NET Picture Frame on Raspberry Pi with Avalonia](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPiPictureFrame.html)
- [.NET camera feed viewer on Raspberry Pi with Avalonia](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPiCamViewer.html)

All the values needed to run this in your environment are coded into the Config.cs class file.
The Config class contains 
- An OpenWeather key 
- A city for which to retrieve the weather 
- A folder with photos to display 

```cs
internal static class Config
{
    internal const string OpenWeather = "your open weather key";
    internal const string WeatherCity = "Sydeny, NSW";
    internal const string PhotosFolder = @"folder to your photos";
}
```

Commit message:

add hardware image and instructions to readme

README.md, after:

# dotnet Pi PictureFrame
a picture frame app for a Raspberry Pi using .NET 6 and Avalonia 

This project is a combination of the Notes made on building applications on a Raspberry Pi with .NET 6.
These include the following Notes

- [.NET development on a Raspberry Pi](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPi.html)
- [.NET Console Clock](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/ConsoleClock.html)
- [.NET Console Weather](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/ConsoleWeather.html)
- [.NET GUI application on Raspberry Pi with Avalonia](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPiGUI.html)
- [.NET Picture Frame on Raspberry Pi with Avalonia](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPiPictureFrame.html)
<!-- - [.NET camera feed viewer on Raspberry Pi with Avalonia](https://drneil.github.io/Notebook/Software/Development/dotnetPiCamViewer.html) -->

All the values needed to run this in your environment are coded into the Config.cs class file.
The Config class contains 
- An OpenWeather key 
- A city for which to retrieve the weather 
- A folder with photos to display 

```cs
internal static class Config
{
    internal const string OpenWeather = "your open weather key";
    internal const string WeatherCity = "Sydeny, NSW";
    internal const string PhotosFolder = @"folder to your photos";
}
```

## The Hardware

[A Guide to building the Raspberry Pi Picture frame can be found here](docs/building_hardware.md)
![Pi Picture Frame](docs/images/frame_deer.JPG)
